You already know Laravel uses a session to give validation errors on forms submission for the next pages.
You can also use this session for keeping short messages between pages, also called flush messages.
Flash messages are called so as they are one time messages, they are created, displayed once and then
immediately deleted using request variable session method flash.
You can store a message under a specific name like status.
And for this case the message can be the blog post was created.
Scenes flash messages are not really page specific, you can render them in the layout.
Reading them is like reading validation errors in Blady.
Calling the session function with the expected variable name will help us check if it is defined at
all so we can do if session status.
Then let's add a development with some styling like red background and white text so we can clearly
see the message.
And finally rendered a flash message using the session call again with their status as we want to read
a variable called status from the session.
Safe, Cengiz.
And let's go to the forum and try to send it with the correct input.
There it is, our session message, if I would refresh this page to flush message disappears as it is
deleted from the session.